---
inFeed: false
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: 'About husband-wife wedding photography team based in London and Toronto. We believe in true love &amp; that marrying your best friend makes you a Lucky one'
datePublished: '2015-11-12T21:13:08.572Z'
dateModified: '2015-11-12T21:12:52.940Z'
title: About Us
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2015-11-12-about-us.md
published: true
url: about-us/index.html
_type: Blurb

---
We believe in true love, faithfulness, and that marrying your best friend makes you a Lucky One. 
We are Dylan and Sandra. We love being married and are a husband-wife wedding photography team based in London, Ontario. We are passionate about each other and telling other couple's Love Stories through photography. There's just something magical about it.
Our own Love Story began in 2011\.
Sandra was a free spirited artist and social scientist. Dylan was a shy student preparing to go to Bible College across the world in Sydney, Australia. We clicked. And so began our Love Story, rooted in deep friendship and admiration. Despite Dylan going to Australia and the distance between us, we knew we were made for each other. Six months later Dylan flew home on break and we got married on 12-12-12\. Soon after, we found ourselves in Australia together, living an uncommon adventure as husband and wife that unearthed a mission for cultivating a passionate marriage, and a dedication to the fine craft of wedding photography. After shooting a handful of weddings in Sydney -- a mecca of gorgeous wedding photography and styling -- we decided to take our inspiration and vision back with us to Canada.
We are a Southern Ontario wedding photographer team based in London but will happily travel to all of Ontario including Toronto, Sarnia, Niagara Falls, Sudbury, Cambridge and all of the little and big towns and cities in between. We are always excited to travel for international and destination weddings. Special rates apply for locations outside of our local area. Send us a note -- we would love to get to know you.